Mass Destruction (No Roots)

[CHORUS]
Whether long range weapon or suicide bomber
Wicked mind is a weapon of mass destruction
Whether you're Soaraway Sun or BBC 1
Misinformation is a weapon of mass destruct
You coulda Caucasian or a poor Asian
Racism is a weapon of mass destruction
Whether inflation or globalization
Fear is a weapon of mass destruction

My dad came into my room holding his hat
I knew he was leaving,
He sat on my bed told me some facts.
Son, I have the duty, calling on me
You and your sister be brave my little soldier
And don't forget all I told ya
Your the mister of the house now remember this
And when you wake up in the morning give ya momma a kiss
Then I had to say goodbye
In the morning woke momma with a kiss on each eyelid,
Even though I'm only a kid
Certain things can't be hid
Momma grabbed me
Held me like I was made of gold
But left her inner stories untold
I said, momma it will be alright
When daddy comes home, tonight

[CHORUS]
Whether Halliburton, Enron or anyone
Greed is a weapon of mass destruction

We need to find the courages, overcome
Inaction is a weapon of mass destruction (x3)

The skin under my chin is exploding again.
I'm getting stress from some other children
I'm holding it in.
We taking sides like a politician
And if i get friction we get to fighting.
I'll defend my dad he's the best of all men
And whatever he's doing he's doing the right thing.
It's frightening, but it makes me mad,
Why do all of these people seem to hate my dad?
And if that ain't enough now i get these spots.
I go to sleep every night with my stomache in knots
And what's more, i can hear momma next door
Explore the radio for reports of war.
And all we ever seem to do is hide the tears.
Seems like daddy been gone for years.
But he was right, now i'm geared up for the fight
And he would be proud of me.

[CHORUS]
Whether Halliburton, Enron or anyone
Greed is a weapon of mass destruction

We need to find the courage, overcome
Inaction is a weapon of mass destruction (x3)

My story stops here, lets be clear.
This scenario is happening everywhere.
And you ain't going to nirvana or far-vana,
You're coming right back here to live out your karma.
With even more drama than previously, seriously.
Just how many centuries have we been
Waiting for someone else to make us free?
And we refuse to see
That people overseas suffer just like we:
Bad leadership and ego's unfettered and free
Who feed on the people they're supposed to lead
I don't need good people to pray and wait
For the lord to make it all straight.
There's only now, do it right.
'Cos I don't want your daddy, leaving home tonight

[CHORUS]
Whether Halliburton Enron or anyone
Greed is a weapon of mass destruction

We need to find the courages, overcome
Inaction is a weapon of mass destruction (x3)